
Registration Story
1)  As a first time user, I want to see a easy register/login option so that I don’t have to look too hard to get started. 
  User will go to app’s main page and see prompt to register/login. There will be a notice that the must register/login with a Twitter account. Already registered users will login and be directed to their profile. New users will register by logging in through Twitter and then be directed to a welcome page with the phone number registration story. The number registration story will include a “No thanks” option for users who solely want to use FOAAS with their Twitter account. If user forgets password, they will have to go to their Twitter account to reset their password as their login is linked to their Twitter account. If there is no welcome page on startup, there will be a “Get started” button if there are no targets. 

Target Customization Story
2) As a registered user, I want to be able to store several target numbers or target Twitter users on file with different settings so that I can customize the selection and delivery of messages to each target. 
  User should be able to see an ‘add number’ option, and will be directed to a page that will take in the submission of one number. Once the number is entered, the user will be able to select from the dictionary of phrases and the frequency of messages (the time each day, how often, etc). Then they will see a ‘submit’ button and see a confirmation page that the number was added, and then an option to add another number. If the user enters an invalid number (more than 10 digits) then they will be prompted that it is invalid and to edit it and will not be able to submit if the problem continues. If user decides that they want to change the phrase being sent out, they will have an option to edit where they will be able to reselect a phrase from the dictionary of phrases provided. 

Phone number Registration Story
3) As a user, I want to register my phone number or be assigned a phone number so that I can send messages anonymously or not.
  User will see their profile and an option to either register their phone number or be assigned a random one. If they choose to register their phone number, they will be sent a confirmation code, which they will have to type in. If they choose to be assigned a random number, they will be assigned one and be ready to move on. In both cases, the user should then see an option to add target phone numbers. If the user doesn’t receive a confirmation code after sometime, they should be able to resend the code. If user accidentally selects the wrong option or decides that they want to change from their original selection, they will be allowed to go back to the settings to either register a new number or be assigned a new random number to be used.

